hey you guys that evil trying to
actually be doing some game playing
gangster Vegas on the lagg-3
obviously this is one game off really
cool games if you guys haven't checked
it out definitely recommended it's just
got a great storyline to it it's a paid
app but well worth the money I hope you
guys enjoyed this video check out the
download link buy a check out the link
below in the description box and we'll
see how this plays on the g3
such a schmuck Jason I want you to look
at him
well this guy for God is that I own this
town and I am the system so you know
what happens Jason you know what happens
do you understand what I'm saying you
down
all right you guys thanks for watching
this one like like I was saying I
definitely check this game out if you
haven't checked it out it's been around
for a while but it's still a great game
play great on the g3 stay tuned for more
on this device guys and be sure to
subscribe to our Channel